2018-07-17 17:25 Today is my 40th birthday.
One thing that is recurring in me is the importance of a daily regime in which a person invests his time and effort towards a particular domain. A generalist is useless. He needs to be a specialist first. Once he is a specialist, he can seed from that depth a more general awareness. But then, he will continue to have that bias of his domain. That will produce creativity.
I have chosen for me the identity of a computer scientist. So, I am spending time in learning computers, machine learning and algorithms.
My stint towards project management has shown me that it is not something that inspires me. It is about managing something that actually is being done by someone else. It is not creative. It is being clever. I never would like to be clever. For me life is all about Mathematics, Computer Science.

2018-07-17 17:54 July saw me doing several new things.
I created an ecosystem around my iPhone to institutionalize good habits in my day to day life. The philosophy of all these was the realization that what we do, and the quality of our thoughts and actions in long term is all about day to day habits that we develop. To enable me to do all these I have revamped my daily habit. Certainly the epoch of Yoga, Meditation and walking resumed in July, after the back pain relapsed.

I got the following Apps configured in iPhone that is helping me out -
1. Cure.fit - workout and meditation
2. Today - Daily Habit
3. Things3 - Todos and accomplishments logging
4. Removed Asana from mobile. But it will remain in the desktop area as a super set of all the personal projects
5. Mindly - circled mind map
6. Lucid Chart - for linear maps
7. Run Keeper
8. Zovato - To log my workout efforts in Apple Health
9. Vocabulary - to continue to learn English.
10. Pillow - To track my sleep.

Also I have ordered my Apple Watch. It is certainly an epoch.

2018-07-22 11:58 Weekending 22nd July 2018
1. #GVIT_PALS_MEETUP
Had the opportunity to meet Bharath, Rajesh, Sudhir, Haricharan and Harisha in UB city on friday. But I knowing did not go. After seeing the pictures, I felt happy about my decision. Again this decision that I made was based on the rule of my own personality that is more intuitive. It is based on how I was feeling right at the moment when I had to take the decision. I was feeling tired and that idea of driving all the way to UB city was a monument task for me. So, I did not go. I have seen that my decisions are more inward, based on what my motivation is, rather than what is the economics of the decision. This motivation keeps me going. The motivation to invest that time lost in driving and partying to learn, and do good for  home was more appealing to me.
How much they have changed. These were village folks from traditional south indian families. But then now they  are so westernized. In contrary if you see who I am at core - I am the same what I was when I entered GVIT. I did not use to booze or smoke or party hard. I do not do so even today. I used to study a lot. I study even now.
#CONSISTENCY - It is something that is in me beneath the superficial changing nature of my outward looks.

2. #10 HABITS - TODAY APP
This was another week when I am consistent with my daily habit of walk, yoga, workout. I refereshed my habits as follows -
1. WALK  - 100%
2. LIGHT TIMELY FOOD - 100%
3. SELF STUDY - 50%
I created this today, instead of data science, linux, python, history etc etc. Daily habit is not the domain. Rathre it is a daily ritual you do. Domain is the content.
4. BOOK READING - 0%
This is the daily habit i created today. I am falling short of reading general books that is depleting my general awareness. I will have to study this. One hour daily. That is important. I will have to find time for this.
5. VOCABULARY - 28%
6. JRNL - 100%
7. FINANCIAL ANALYSIS - NOT DONE - MONTHLY
8. COOKING - 100% - MONTHLY
	Cooked neutrela and paneer sabji on my birthday
9. GEEMA STUDIES - 14% - ONE ONE DAY!
10. FAMILY -
Started the daily ritual of taking Papa and Mummy to morning walk, and engaging Papa in daily workouts.

I will be writing general observation and comments here. The task wise details are in the Things 3 and Today apps.

---------------------------
NOTE: HIGHLIGHTS
---------------------------
1. Apple watch
2. Focus towards creating daily habit of walking
3. Several apps around creating and sustaining healthy habit in iPhone.
4. Good regime of healthy light food. 
