2018-08-05 10:37 #Networking & #Identity
Life is all about doing it yourself. Only when you experiment and experience only then you learn the hard way.
Yesterday in the Mughal Treat restaurant, listening to Vikas was a reminder of how important networking is. Bikash bhaiya also used to keep on saying to build networks in IIMB course. Vikas explained how his India travel was made possible only due to network. That is true that most of the decisions are made today based on networks and relationships. We help each other in the expectation of reciprociticy.
I have observed that, I am not always very keen in networking. It is not that I dont like the company of people. But then I do not initiate the discussion and networking all by my own with the agenda to build relationships - new relationships. I saw myself doing the same in the IIMB course, and that I keep doing at office too. I hardly enter into socialization wih others. On the other hand people like Rajesh Chaubey buid their career based on the networking. Same is the case with Mohan Singh. They are vocal on what they want, and they build a case to prove that they are the right choice for the new role. This way they keep growing.
It is true that I am stuck without the propensity to network with others, but then there is a counter point to this whole world of networking. It leads to mediocrity and biases. A true meritocratic culture is not possible if there is any hint of networking. I understand that is more of a classical model of decision making. In the modern behavioral model, the game is different. But the game is not about relationships for sure. It is all about identity. And identity  building happens only in solitude, out of deep moments of retrospection, hard work, reading, studying, experimenting and training. I am a computer scientist, who has an incredible urge to figure out the hidden. That is my identity. I have been doing the same since childhood. The following are the tenets of my identity -

#1. Passionate urge to search for the hidden principle based on what the visible diaspora is built. This makes me be interested in Ancient Indian History (to know why Inida is the way it is today), Machine learning (what is this data science all about, and how AI is doing so much incredible things around), Psychology (why I am the way I am, and why people are the way they are), Organization Behavior (why people in organization context behave the way they do), Economics (why Apple is a 1 trillion dollar company!), Finance (what makes a Warren Buffet, what makes people rich and poor), etc etc.

#2. Deligient organizor - I like to see things organized. So, my study table is always organized. My books shelf is organized. My journals and notes are always organized. My bag is organized. The knowledge I gain out of the 1st instinct gets arranged and documented by this second instinct.

#3. Making people better - I am passionate to make people better. The first two instincts help me to share and coach people around me to enable them to be their better selves. I stand for learning and development of the self and also enable other grow intellectually. These three things make who I am. They define me. These three points of the training of my life define who I am.

This identity drives me.

2018-08-05 10:40 #MASTURBATION AND MEGA MASTURBATION
Today i started two new habits - masturbation and mega masturbation. I observed a pattern that I need to masturbate once in every two days in order to have my thoughts and behavior consistent to my identity. Otherwise the instincts take over. And once in a week I planned to do mega masturbation as I loved doing that last night. As per this I watch a good MILF movie and use a good moisturizer to make my penis really really big and hard. That makes me feel so very great! I need to take photo of this and store it.

2018-08-05 11:47 I have bought two books on Ancient History of India and have started studying it form last night.
The history of Hindu Mathematics is part of the study.

---------------------------
NOTE: HIGHLIGHTS
---------------------------
2018-09-08 11:00PM #REFLECTION OF AUGUST
1. Daily regime of walking
2. Apple Watch usage and several apps around Apple health in iPhone and Apple watch.
3. Getting deep into ancient Indian History through the History of India podcast, and books and timeline App
4. Switch into the domain of Data Science.
5. IIT H Applied Machine Learning course started.
6. Configured github again with my Atom editor. This time I am able to check in and checkout from the atom editor itself.
7. Bullet Journalling started.
8. My waist of jeans reduced from 34 inches to 32 inches. Lost good amount of weight and have become leaner. 

Well the month of August started with the habit creation, apps in iPhone, timeline, daily walking regime, history of India podcast, then gettin into ancient indian history, etc. Then slowly it shifted towards machine learning again. Due to the stint of Rad in Brno, and few instances pertaining to the data science, one thing occurred to me that Data Science is something that I need to focus. This domain places me in a sweet spot of my likings, training, specialization and strengths. And amazingly my job also demands me to be AI literate. Also globally this is the domain that has been booming with a great speed.
