2018-09-08 09:00 Saturday : 7pm - 9pm
#MEDITATION #ART-OF-LISTENING #INCLUSIVENESS #RECOGNITION #LOVE #RESPECT
#RECONCILED THE INTERNAL AUDIT WITH B SIR.

Today i spent two hours with B Sir at his home. The agenda was the internal auditing of the finance e logs. I started knowing that as the agenda. As usual I was trying to explain to him all the details. He was as usual getting into trivial details as order of entries etc. I was answering to his questions. But then things were not going in any direction. As usual. I was starting to lose my patience again. I knew one thing that his agenda has to be undrestood. I was still having the orginal idea that his agenda was to just point out and prove his theory that people in the previous committee have done fraud. So, I was in the mode of protecting them showing all the data I had. But then, things were not going into any direction. He was again demanding me to print the data in some new format.

One thing I knew was that I should not waste any more time to format things again. He was asking me to do that. Then, I going with my previous bias that he wants to validate elog, I continued asking him to ask me what he wants to validate, I will let him know from the data. But then, he was repeating the same old things. I started the "Breathe" app in my apple watch, and started focussing on my breath and made my breath deep and slow. That played the magic.

Having my attention going into my breath, automatically I gave space to him to talk. I started listening more. One interesting shift was in my mind was that I was not listening anymore to the details of what he was speaking, but started trying to understand what he is trying to say concentrating his spaces between the lines and words, his body language, and what all he was trying to show. Having seen those, I realized that he already has all the auditing report ready with him, and he was just trying to nullify all the work we had done since last several years. He was just bent upon proving that his documents are right and that he had all the details.

I got a glimpse of hope from his words. I immediately switched the agenda and proposed him that why dont we use his documents as the basis of our legal proceedings of registration. He liked it and immediately I saw him excited and he started opening up more and more bags fully of documents he has curated and started explaining to me what he has done for last several years.

I saw in him a little boy who has worked really hard since last several years, and now he his crying out for people's attention and he just wants one thing - "Listen to me, and recognize that I am a hardworking, honest and righteous person. Please love me. Please respect me". I was continuing to do my meditation  using my Apple Watch, sitting on the chair with my legs in Sukhasan. I was listening to all what he was saying. Things just fit like a magical puzzle. I was able to connect all the dots amazingly simply! There was no issue. There was no tussle. I had to prove nothing. I just had to listen to this man, and from my heart try my best to understand him and respect him.

I caught one train of thought in me where I was thinking of washing myself and shedding my clothes after I come back to my home. I was hating him so much for all the nonsense he had created, and non productive orientation he has in his psyche. He was one person who was talking of ego of others, but then all the detour and non productive time wastes had been happenin over years due to his own ego issues. I caught myself getting into that old pattern of humanity of "we" and "they". Immediately I caught myself excluding him of me and myself. That inspiration of "All-INCLUSIVENESS" caught me up intensely, and I just wanted to hug him. He was behaving exactly the way my parents or I will behave if we are vicitimized of ignorance. Here was a man who needed love and respect. Here was a man from whom I was supposed to learn many things, due to his rich experience of life.

I wore the hat of my identity - My character strengthe of love for learning. And I started asking him probing questions on his past, his career, professional life, his achievements. He went into the flow of recollecting his life and shared several incidences in his work life where he had helped people and had made positive differences. I listened to him from a pure and truthful heart. And every moment of the listening, i just loved! It was intersting to have a glimpse of a world so different than mine! It was like a voyage to a different world. This was gloomy world where 80% of people are bad, and one has to manage his existence in that world, being absolutely prudent. It was a world where no one is your friend, and that power speaks. Many more thing of course, and no long stanzas would explain that world, till you are privy to that world.

I kept listening to him sitting in Sukhasan on his chair, continuing my meditation. And then things just was falling in place!

Finally the meeting got concluded by the agreement that we will ditch the elogs, and just use his documents and show it to the auditor. Only the final annual report needs to be entered in the computer from his pages. I clearly repeated it multiple times to ensure that I am not mistaken this time. I said, 'so i will as a data entry operator, enter the numbres you say, and we will ditch the elogs'. I agreed on all those instances.

Meeting got over in 2 hours. And I was able to win the agenda.

I could see myself being a real - MEDIATOR - as my Meyers Briggs psychometric analysis said about me. I feel so grateful for having a day that was a real success, without much effort.
This is a great epoch for me and I just entered it in the Timeline app!

---------------------------
NOTE: HIGHLIGHTS
---------------------------
1.

2018-09-09 22:15 Today was the 4th session of the internal audit with Behera Sir.
It was pretty smooth. He had all the data with him. That just had to be reviewed and reformatted. That itself took 3.5 hours!
Apart from that today indulged in food. Overate at noon Meghana Biryani and very tasty food from Birbal Darbar. The roti was too tight. Otherwise the food was tasty.
Today i spent 3 hours in creating the Moments google sheet. If I look back I had tried to do similar stuff earlier, and then decided to move to app based data entry. But then having spent about a month in the app based data entry found that all the things are federated in differnet apps, and I wanted someway to consolidate everything in one place. That role is now played by moments. I have started using the toggl app more, to track my work.

2018-09-09 22:17 jrnl app overwrote all the data that i had written in my september journal yesterday.
Thank God that I had put things in github. This is the advantage you see! I can always stage data before committing in git hub. This is a great feature in github. Having my journal here is very important.

2018-09-09 22:19 jrnl overwrote my entries.
Thank God i had github. I was able to recover.

2018-09-09 22:22 jrnl appends the file in the end.
There is something it stores in the end. If that data is written by jrnl, it will not overwrite. But if there is something entered from outside, it overwrites. Need to understand this better.

2018-09-09 22:25 No the last hypothesis was wrong.
I had not changed the last part of the file, but still it overwrote. Also most interesting thing is that when i appended yesterday's note from github via jrnl, it placed in the top. Looks like it reads the date heading and puts the data! Dont know. Need to figure out.

2018-09-22 08:34 EPOCH - HABIT FORMATION ON PSYCHE
I have now formed my daily physical layer habit - workout and good food daily. Now it is time to start the regime of an honorable psyche. I am feeling bad on the conversation with Juno yesterday. That is not an inspiring level of humanity for sure. From today the epoch of daily regime of psychic discipline starts.
